Migrate to docusaurus (#668)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: docOps/docs/libraries/README.md

# IOTA Wallet Libraries

At the moment there are two available official bindings to `Wallet.rs`:
- [Node.js](nodejs/README.md) 
- [Python](python/README.md)

> As well as the [Rust](rust/README.md) source.

Reviewer: You could merge it into a single paragraph.

## Getting Started

> We recommended that you start your interactions with IOTA on a _testnet_ network.  You can use this API load balancer: `api.lb-0.testnet.chrysalis2.com`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommended you to start your interactions with IOTA on a _testnet_ network.  You can use this API load balancer: `api.lb-0.testnet.chrysalis2.com`  
```

Also, why do we recommend that? One sentence of not losing your funds because of a mistake would be enough.

> A network explorer is available at [IOTA Tangle Explorer](https://explorer.iota.org/testnet).

Reviewer: What can I do with it? Why do I need it?

> In order to properly test value-based transactions on testnet network, you are going to need some tokens! You can get some testnet tokens using the [faucet](https://faucet.testnet.chrysalis2.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to properly test value-based transactions on testnet network, you are going to need some tokens! You can get some testnet tokens through our [faucet](https://faucet.testnet.chrysalis2.com/).
```

> ## The library in a Nutshell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The library in a Nutshell

```

Reviewer 2: Section titles should use proper capitalization:

## The Library in a Nutshell

> `Wallet.rs` uses an account model, so you can create an account for each of your users. You could also take another approach and use one account and generate many addresses, which you can link to your users in your database. The library allows users to assign a meaningful alias to each account. It also leaves the choice to users if they want to segregate their funds across multiple accounts or multiple addresses. Basically, it is up to a developer to decide whether a _single-account approach_ or _multi-account approach_ is chosen. The library provides a support to any of the scenarios.

Reviewer: In general, I think that this paragraph is a bit too wordy.

> Basically, it is up to a developer to decide whether a _single-account approach_ or _multi-account approach_ is chosen.

Unnecessary emphasis, unnecessary passive voice.

The library is based on a [derivation for multiple accounts from a single seed](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/guides/dev_guide.html#addresskey-space). An account is simply a deterministic identifier from which multiple addresses can be further derived. 

> The following image illustrates the relationships between seed, accounts and addresses:

Reviewer: Describe that relationship in plain text, too.

# IOTA Wallet Libraries

> At the moment there are two available official bindings to `Wallet.rs`, as well as the Rust source:

Reviewer: "At the moment" is default, no need to mention it here.

> as the Rust source

sounds a tad weird, maybe "the library is written in Rust and we provide bindings" or something along the lines.

- [Rust](rust/README.md)
- [Node.js](nodejs/README.md) 
- [Python](python/README.md)

## Getting Started

> We recommended that you start your interactions with IOTA on a _testnet_ network. The _test_net_ will allow you to safely get acquainted with the `Wallet.rs` library, without the risk losing any funds if you make a mistake along the way. You can use this API load balancer: `api.lb-0.testnet.chrysalis2.com`  

Reviewer: testnet or test_net?

Reviewer: > without the risk losing any funds

wrong grammar.
